
  22870 Gautier Lemaitre : in charge of Models on XD (tree structure fonctionalities) and Logo Designer
  22878 Lutiku Ndongala : Completed the text documents
  23227 Milo Lallement : In charge of assets and UML Diagram



 CÔME
 This is an e-commerce site for remote working
 so we wanted a name in which we could find the "hom" sound.
 The C represents here the word "cocooning" because our site aims to make this experience as pleasant as possible


 Target audiance :
 We offer office automation products (pc, printers, office)
 so naturally, our main target is workers and students who work from home
 and who need materials (office, IT) to work efficiently.


Technologies :

We chose React because it is a javascript library in great demand at the moment, moreover it is very fast
What makes the difference with its competitors is obviously its flexibility and its performance,
notably thanks to the work on a virtual DOM and by only updating the rendering in the browser when necessary.
Because browsers are rather slow to react to changes in the DOM,
React has the advantage (and intelligence) of limiting interactions with it.
It therefore performs operations on the virtual DOM and compares it to the real DOM to make the changes to be made.
We gain in performance.


Style :
    Colors :
        Blue color represents intelligence and responsibility;
        it brings serenity and peace to the client / user, increases productivity.
        Generates a feeling of security and confidence.
        It is the most popular color in the world, by individuals (regardless of gender) as well as by brands.
        It is the color most used by institutions that want to be trustworthy.
        it is often associated with white or gray

    Polices :
        This font works well on all screen sizes and resolutions. She looks familiar.
        In general, it is preferable to use sans serif typography,
        which allows better readability of the text. It is therefore suitable for the design of a website


